<a name="02.22.19"></a>

<span class="log_date">2.22.19</span>

Today I had Ben Kiel critique some of the curved letters against the initial drafts. Got good advice on how to deal with round letters like U and O. I'm also overthinking some of the letters, like H, in pursuit of creating nice patterns. He said the typeface was a combination of James Edmondson of OH no and Zuzana Licko. It's no coincidence; inspirations show. Edmondson is the dude. His writing and talks about type design have very much affected me. Fonts can be funky. But I also feel like my typeface is very much something I would make. 

I also got some technical questions answered and learned about the massive Unicode Consortium character set PDF.

In the spirit of Bram de Does, Ben also said the letters should maintain some swing. The new curved versions are going in a good direction. He also suggested that once I get the character set fairly down, I can generate some proofs to evaluate how well characters pair together and consequently play out in the pattern. Then I can create alternate characters for better patterns using OpenType.

Later he suggested also making a book using DrawBot. Dude. Now I've *got* to make that book. It's actually a solid idea for rounding out my capstone since the website only shows instantaneous configurations and scaling of the font. A book would broaden the typographic possibilities and be an opportunity to make meaningful and poetic content. I also made some code-based books in bookbinding last semester.
